
Cards Against Humanity: Pax East 2013 Promo Pack A

An immediately regrettable $9 hot dog from the Boston Convention Center.
Running out of stamina.
Casting Magic Missile at a bully.
Getting bitch slapped by Dhalsim.
Firefly: Season 2.
Rotating shapes in mid-air so that they fit into other shapes when they fall.
Jiggle physics.
Paying the iron price.

Cards Against Humanity: Pax East 2013 Promo Pack B

Getting inside the Horadric Cube with a hot babe and pressing the transmute button.
Loading from a previous save.
Punching a tree to gather wood.
Sharpening a foam broadsword on a foam whetstone.
Spending the year's insulin budget on Warhammer 40k figurines.
The depression that ensues after catching 'em all.
The rocket launcher.
Violating the First Law of Robotics.


Cards Against Humanity: Pax East 2013 Promo Pack C

Achieving 500 actions per minute.
Charging up all the way.
Forgetting to eat, and consequently dying.
Judging elves by the color of their skin and not by the content of their character.
Smashing all the pottery in a Pottery Barn in search of rupees.
The Klobb.
Vespene gas.
Wil Wheaton crashing an actual spaceship.


Cards Against Humanity: Pax Prime 2013
Full HD.
The gravity gun.
Reading the comments.
70,000 gamers sweating and farting inside an airtight steel dome.
Allowing nacho cheese to curdle in your beard while you creep in League of Legends.
Achieving the manual dexterity and tactical brilliance of a 12-year-old Korean boy.
Rolling a D20 to save a failing marriage.
The collective wail of every Magic player suddenly realizing that they've spent hundreds of dollars on pieces of cardboard.
Being an attractive elf trapped in an unattractive human's body.
Temporary invincibility.
The Sarlacc.
Filling every pouch of a UtiliKilt™ with pizza.
Bowser's aching heart.
Mario Kart rage.
Nude-modding Super Mario World.
An angry stone head that stomps on the floor every three seconds.
Yoshi's huge egg-laying cloaca.
The Cock Ring of Alacrity.
Offering sexual favors for an ore and a sheep.
A homemade, cum-stained Star Trek uniform.
Unlocking a new sex position.
The boner hatch in the Iron Man suit.
Never watching, discussing, or thinking about My Little Pony.
Turn-of-the-century sky racists.
The decade of legal inquests following a single hour of Grand Theft Auto.
A fully-dressed female videogame character.
Buying virtual clothes for a Sim family instead of real clothes for a real family.
Google Glass + e-cigarette: Ultimate Combo!
Tapping Serra Angel.
Charles Barkley Shut Up and Jam!
Legendary Creature - Robert Khoo.
Winning the approval of Cooking Mama that you never got from actual mama.
Eating a pizza that's lying in the street to gain health.
Getting into a situation with an owlbear.
Grand Theft Auto: Fort Lauderdale.
A madman who lives in a policebox and kidnaps women.
SNES cartridge cleaning fluid.


Cards Against Humanity: Pax East 2014

Collecting all seven power crystals.
Whatever Final Fantasy bullshit happened this year.
Endless ninjas.
Demons and shit.
The imagination of Peter Jackson.
Futuristic death sports.
KHAAAAAAAAAN!
The Star Wars universe.
Taking 2d6 emotional damage.
A grumpy old Harrison Ford who'd rather be doing anything else.
All of the good times and premium gaming entertainment available to you in the Kickstarter room.
Attacking from Kamchatka.
Separate drinking fountains for dark elves.
Lagging out.
Getting bitten by a radioactive spider and then battling leukemia for 30 years.
Mistakenly hitting on a League of Legends statue.
Ser Jorah Mormonts cerulean-blue balls.
The old gods.
Stuffing my balls into a Sega Genesis and pressing the power button.
The pure, Zen-like state that exists between micro and macro.
A giant mechanical bird with a tragic backstory.
Xena, Warrior Princess.


Cards Against Humanity: Pax East 2014 - Panel Cards

Stepping on a god damn friggin' LEGO.
Rubbing chocolate pudding all over Bill Cosby's nipples.
What The Rock was really cooking.
Hodor.
A floor that is literally made of lava.
All this liquid in my mouth.
Giving a dolphin a handjob for science.
Exciting content!


Cards Against Humanity: Pax Prime 2014 - Panel Cards

A neck beard that is 10% cheese.
Pelvic sorcery.
Pooping as quietly as possible.
The beautiful sport of Turkish oil wrestling.
No survivors.
Go Fuck Yourself.


Cards Against Humanity: Pax Prime 2015 Food Pack A (Mango)

A sobering quantity of chili cheese fries.
Going vegetarian and feeling so great all the time.
Kale farts.
Licking the cake batter off of grandma’s fingers.
Real cheese flavor.
Swishing the wine around and sniffing it like a big fancy man.
The Dial-A-Slice Apple Divider from Williams-Sonoma.
What to do with all of this chocolate on my penis.


Cards Against Humanity: Pax Prime 2015 Food Pack B (Coconut)

A belly full of hard-boiled eggs.
A joyless vegan patty.
A table for one at The Cheesecake Factory.
Being emotionally and physically dominated by Gordon Ramsay.
Kevin Bacon Bits.
Not knowing what to believe anymore about butter.
Soup that's better than pussy.
Sucking down thousands of pounds of krill every day.


Cards Against Humanity: Pax Prime 2015 Food Pack C (Cherry)

A Mexican child trapped inside of a burrito.
Clamping down on a gazelle’s jugular and tasting its warm life waters.
Committing suicide at the Old Country Buffet.
Father’s forbidden chocolates.
Jizz Twinkies.
The Hellman’s Mayonnaise Corporation.
The hot dog I put in my vagina ten days ago.
The inaudible screams of carrots.
